welcome to a Rhian boxing something we
don't do that often this my friends is
the Coolermaster CM storm quickfire TK
fully backlit mechanical keyboard it has
an extremely clever layout so it
delivers pretty close to a 10 kilo size
so so for those of you who aren't
already sort of familiar with the
terminology that goes along with
mechanical keyboard chopping ten kilos
refers to keyboards that don't have a
number pad but this one does have a
number pad so what they've done is
they've used the number lock to either
enable number pad functionality or
arrows num law or rather print screen
scroll lock pause insert homepage up
delete end page down all that
functionality you can choose whether you
have a number lock or those things which
is actually kind of cool it's available
with a variety of Cherry MX switches
including the very reason that we are
redoing this particular unboxing because
there is a new option for the quick-fire
TK Cherry MX green switches so the
keyboard includes a removable braided
cable as well as a key cap puller and
we're going to use this as an
opportunity to show you guys just
exactly what a cherry MX green switch
looks like ah yes it looks like pretty
much any other cherry MX switch except
for the fact that it is indeed green but
before we get into the typing
impressions from both me and slick let's
do a quick recap of the overall features
here so it has function keys which give
you your media playback play pause stop
backwards forwards mute volume up and
volume down you've also got a Windows
key lock which can be enabled by holding
function and clicking on that one you
can see ah yes it has a backlight so you
can use the function key to control
various types of back lightness so you
can turn it on and off you can adjust
the brightness between five different
levels it actually gets extremely bright
at the brightest level looks very very
very vibrant looks quite nice and you
can choose three different modes for it
so you can have it in breathing mode you
can have it in fully backlit mode and
you can have it in just illuminate the
WASD Keys mode the other thing to watch
out for is when you press the number
lock those arrow keys
that indicates that you are not number
locked which is a little bit
counterintuitive I wish the num lock
illuminated or something like that when
you press num lock and when you were an
unlock mode it has a removable cord as
well as a nice set of ergonomic options
back here so you've got nice little
rubber feet on the top and bottom of the
keyboard as well as rubber tipped feet
that can flip up in order to elevate the
keyboard a touch it does not come with a
wrist rest unfortunately and that is
something that I would have liked to see
included however does a fairly value
conscious option in terms of pricing so
you got to just kind of remember that
that comes with the territory last thing
is with function held you can press the
Escape key and either six or n to choose
between six key rollover which is
compatible with Macs and all pcs so
compatibility mode or any key rollover
which allows you to press all the keys
and have them all register even over USB
but not compatible with Mac and can
cause some pcs to fill the boot so you
can just change that mode back if that's
not working for you the last thing to
cover before we get into the typing
experience is the cable management on
the bottom so the detachable cable can
be routed either straight at the top or
to either the right or left side this is
great for keeping your desk tidy now
typing experience let's start with the
big thing about Cherry MX greens I mean
why are they so rare well because they
require a lot of force to press at 80
grams of actuation force at the
actuation point that is nearly double
what is required for Cherry MX browns
which are a light tactile switch and
Cherry MX Reds which are a light linear
switch so both of those are around 45
grams and it is a full 60 percent higher
than the 50 grams required for Cherry MX
blues which are considered to be a
relatively heavy Cherry switch so with
that said how does it feel for typing
all up for me it was too heavy just
right out of the gate I'm gonna give it
a shot in the longer term here and you
guys can stay tuned on Twitter or in the
forum or whatever else I'll let you know
if I change my mind but I found that it
was just flat out too heavy for anything
but my index finger and my middle finger
so for my ring finger and pinky finger
it was very unnatural for me to type on
it now I
and not a great typist I rarely use my
pinky
so wouldn't have even mattered if it
wasn't too difficult for me to press
with my ring finger without it feeling a
little bit weird so I'm not necessarily
the best person to go okay well he had
trouble typing on it so therefore it is
difficult to type on because slick tried
it too and while he didn't find it as
fast as Cherry MX blue switches not even
by a long shot he didn't find the typing
experience physically difficult because
he just has plain old heavier stronger
fingers to start with so right now we're
kind of going okay results are a mixed
bag it is a different experience and it
is certainly very unique I mean it's
probably the closest we can get with a
Cherry MX which to something like a
buckling spring or even more like a
typewriter field where it really feels
like there's a long sort of resisting
press before you reach that actuation
point but we didn't find it to be
dramatically better than some of the
other more available and less expensive
switches that are out there now I have
seen reports of people saying that they
bought Cherry MX green keyboards and got
used to it over time but I think that'll
depend on a little bit of a long-term
testing session now speaking of getting
used to things over time audible.com you
guys are likely getting used to us
talking about audible but do you think
you could get used to having a
subscription for a new audiobook to
listen to every month I hope so because
audible.com has just such a service and
like anything highly addictive the first
one is free I think we've actually
talked about the Hunger Games by Suzanne
Collins being available on audible.com
before but with Catching Fire coming out
in theaters right now this seems like a
great opportunity to bring it up again
the movie is likely to be awesome but
stop me if you've heard this one before
the book is always better mmm head on
over to audible.com slash Linus for our
free trial and to sign up for a monthly
audio book from again that is
audible.com and ten points if you can
figure out how many times I said
audible.com in the last minute or so of
this video I think we're done here guys
as always like this video if you liked
it dislike it if you disliked it leave a
comment and let me know what you think
if you'd like to try out Cherry MX green
switches and as always guys don't forget
to subscribe to Linus tech tips from one
boxing's
use and other computer videos